[ACCOUNT] New abuse handling process (#2762)
scaleway/docs-content: console/account/how-to/resolve-abuse.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to resolve abuse tickets and cases
  description: This page explains how to resolve abuse tickets.
content:
  h1: How to resolve abuse tickets and cases
  paragraph: This page explains how to resolve abuse tickets.
tags: resolve abuse complaint ticket scaleway
dates:
  validation: 2024-02-19
  posted: 2024-02-19
categories:
  - account
---

> Abuses are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuse reports for the same issue on the same resource within a given timeframe are grouped by case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Abuses are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuse reports for the same issue on the same resource within a given time frame are grouped by case.
```

> Abuses are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuse reports for the same issue on the same resource within a given time frame are grouped by case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Abuses are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuse reports for the same issue on the same resource within a given time frame are grouped by case.

```

> Scaleway’s clients are responsible for taking the appropriate security measures in order to solve the case and prevent any further abuse from their resources in order to avoid the locking of their services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have been the subject of an abuse report, you are responsible for taking the appropriate security measures to solve the case. You must also prevent any further abuse from your resources to avoid your services being locked by Scaleway.
```

> If you have been the subject of an abuse report, you are responsible for taking the appropriate security measures to solve the case. You must also prevent any further abuse from your resources to avoid your services being locked by Scaleway.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have been the subject of an abuse report, you are responsible for taking the appropriate security measures to solve the case. You must also prevent any further abuse from your resources to avoid your services being locked by Scaleway.

```

> However, Scaleway reserves the right to immediately suspend the infringing services if it is deemed necessary and proportionate to keep Scaleway’s network safe or to abide by legal requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Scaleway reserves the right to immediately suspend the infringing services if it is deemed necessary, and proportionate to keep Scaleway’s network safe or to abide by legal requirements.
```

> If you encounter any issue with the resolution of an abuse, please contact the abuse team by opening a [support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) directly from your console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issue with the resolution of an abuse, ensure that you contact the abuse team by opening a [support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) directly from your console.
```

<Message type="requirement">

>   - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
```

> </Message>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Click **Abuse** in the bottom left corner of the Scaleway console. A list of your open cases displays. You can also view the closed cases by clicking on “Closed cases”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Abuse** in the bottom left corner of the Scaleway console. A list of your open cases displays. You can also view the closed cases by clicking on **Closed cases**.
```

2. Click the **case ID** to view the specifics of the complaint.
3. Take note of the details provided and proceed with the necessary steps to address and resolve the issue. 
    <Message type="tip">

>       If you need guidance on resolving outgoing DDoS attacks from your server, refer to our documentation [how to prevent outgoing DDoS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/instances/reference-content/preventing-outgoing-ddos/) for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you need guidance on resolving outgoing DDoS attacks from your server, refer to our documentation on [how to prevent outgoing DDoS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/instances/reference-content/preventing-outgoing-ddos/).
```

    </Message>

>     In case you receive an abuse report for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway infrastructure promptly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are the subject of an abuse report for hosting illegal content (including copyright), we urge you to delete the content from the Scaleway infrastructure promptly.
```

    * For other types of abuse, here are some suggestions to help you to correct them:
        * Backup all your server data
        * Check for recent file changes
        * Check log files on your server
        * Check your PHP and cgi files for any backdoors
        * Check if any software you use is vulnerable, and update them
        * Reinstall your server after backup
        * Change passwords of your server
        * Backup your website and your email data
        * Check for recent files changes, security holes in common CMS you may use (Joomla, SPIP, WordPress…)
        * Check version in some software you may use on your computer (email client, FTP client)
        * Change your FTP and email passwords

>     If you do not know how to correct the problem, you can contact our [outsourcing partners(https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/outsourcing/)] or reach out to Scaleway’s abuse team by opening a ticket directly from your console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you do not know how to correct the problem, you can contact our [outsourcing partners(https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/outsourcing/)] or reach out to Scaleway’s abuse team by opening a ticket directly from your Scaleway console account.
```

>     If you do not know how to correct the problem, you can contact our [outsourcing partners(https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/outsourcing/)] or reach out to Scaleway’s abuse team by opening a ticket directly from your console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you do not know how to solve the problem, you can contact our [outsourcing partners(https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/outsourcing/)] or reach out to Scaleway’s abuse team by opening a ticket directly from your console.
```

4. The case will be closed at the end of its lifetime by Scaleway’s abuse team, and so will the abuse tickets forming the case.

>    In case you receive further abuse reports on the same resource within the case lifetime, it means that you did not take the appropriate measures to prevent further abuse from happening. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you receive more abuse reports on the same resource within the case lifetime, it means that you did not take the appropriate measures to prevent further abuse from happening. 
```

>    Therefore, please take additional actions and contact our support team if you need assistance. Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the locking of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Therefore, we recommend that you take additional actions and contact our support team if you need assistance. Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the locking of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force. 
```

>    Therefore, we recommend that you take additional actions and contact our support team if you need assistance. Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the locking of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Therefore, we recommend you take additional actions and contact our support team if you need assistance. Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the locking of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force. 
```

In specific instances, the case will be closed automatically:

> * abuse reports submitted by Scaleway’s abuse partners may be closed automatically after the automated locking of your service if several complaints are received within the same case or if Scaleway considers that the type of abuse reported requires the immediate locking of your service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* abuse reports submitted by Scaleway’s abuse partners may be closed automatically after the automated locking of your services, if several complaints were received within the same case, or if Scaleway considers that the type of abuse reported requires immediate locking of your services.
```

> * cases regarding security holes will be closed automatically. Please refer to the description of the abuse in order to find more details on patches and updates available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* cases regarding security holes will be closed automatically. Refer to the description of the abuse in order to find more details on patches and updates available.
```

---
meta:

>   title: How to resolve abuses and cases

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  title: How to resolve abuse tickets and cases
```

  description: This page explains how to resolve abuse tickets.
content:

>   h1: How to resolve abuses and cases

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  h1: How to resolve abuse tickets and cases
```

  paragraph: This page explains how to resolve abuse tickets.
tags: resolve abuse complaint ticket scaleway
dates:
  validation: 2024-02-19
  posted: 2024-02-19
categories:
  - account
---

> Abuse tickets are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuses for the same issue on the same resource within a given timeframe are grouped by case.

Reviewer 3: As above

Author: ```suggestion
Abuse tickets are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuse reports for the same issue on the same resource within a given timeframe are grouped by case.
```

> Abuse tickets are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuse reports for the same issue on the same resource within a given timeframe are grouped by case.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Abuses are complaints regarding the use of Scaleway services for illegal behavior or hosting of illegal content. Abuse reports for the same issue on the same resource within a given timeframe are grouped by case.
```

> Scaleway’s clients are responsible for taking the appropriate security measures in order to solve the case and prevent any further abuse from their resources in order to avoid the lock of their services.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Scaleway’s clients are responsible for taking the appropriate security measures in order to solve the case and prevent any further abuse from their resources in order to avoid the locking of their services.
```

However, Scaleway reserves the right to immediately suspend the infringing services if it is deemed necessary and proportionate to keep Scaleway’s network safe or to abide by legal requirements.

> If you encounter any issue with the resolution of your abuses, please contact the abuse team by opening a [support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) directly from your console.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issue with the resolution of your abuse tickets, please contact the abuse team by opening a [support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) directly from your console.
```

> If you encounter any issue with the resolution of your abuse tickets, please contact the abuse team by opening a [support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) directly from your console.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issue with the resolution of an abuse, please contact the abuse team by opening a [support ticket](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets/create) directly from your console.
```

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/)
</Message>

1. Click **Abuse** in the bottom left corner of the Scaleway console. A list of your open cases displays. You can also view the closed cases by clicking on “Closed cases”.
2. Click the **case ID** to view the specifics of the complaint.
3. Take note of the details provided and proceed with the necessary steps to address and resolve the issue. 
    <Message type="tip">
      If you need guidance on resolving outgoing DDoS attacks from your server, refer to our documentation [how to prevent outgoing DDoS](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/instances/reference-content/preventing-outgoing-ddos/) for assistance.
    </Message>

>     In case you receive an abuse for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway infrastructure promptly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    In case you receive an abuse ticket for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway infrastructure promptly.
```

>     In case you receive an abuse ticket for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway infrastructure promptly.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    In case you receive an abuse report for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway infrastructure promptly.
```

>     * In case you receive an abuse for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway infrastructure promptly. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * In case you receive an abuse ticket for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway infrastructure promptly. 
```

>     * In case you receive an abuse ticket for hosting illegal content (including copyright), please delete the content from Scaleway infrastructure promptly. 

Author: ```suggestion
```

    * For other types of abuse, here are some suggestions to help you to correct it:
        * Backup all your server data
        * Check for recent file changes
        * Check log files on your server
        * Check your PHP and cgi files for any backdoors
        * Check if any software you use is vulnerable, and update them
        * Reinstall your server after backup
        * Change passwords of your server
        * Backup your website and your email data
        * Check for recent files changes, security holes in common CMS you may use (Joomla, SPIP, WordPress…)
        * Check version in some software you may use on your computer (email client, FTP client)
        * Change your FTP and email passwords
    If you do not know how to correct the problem, you can contact our [outsourcing partners(https://www.scaleway.com/en/dedibox/outsourcing/)] or reach out to Scaleway’s abuse team by opening a ticket directly from your console.

> 4. The case will be closed at the end of its lifetime by Scaleway’s abuse team, and so will the abuses forming the case.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. The case will be closed at the end of its lifetime by Scaleway’s abuse team, and so will the abuse tickets forming the case.
```

>    In case you receive further abuses on the same resource within the case lifetime, it means that you did not take the appropriate measures to prevent further abuse from happening. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   In case you receive further abuse tickets on the same resource within the case lifetime, it means that you did not take the appropriate measures to prevent further abuse from happening. 
```

>    Therefore, please take additional actions and contact our support team if you need assistance. Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the lock of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Therefore, please take additional actions and contact our support team if you need assistance. Failure to take appropriate measures to solve the case may result in the locking of your service as per our [Terms of Services](https://www.scaleway.com/en/contracts/) and the legal framework in force. 
```

In specific instances, the case will be closed automatically:

> * abuses submitted by Scaleway’s abuse partners may be closed automatically after the automated lock of your service if several complaints are received within the same case or if Scaleway considers that the type of abuse reported requires the immediate lock of your service.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* abuse reports submitted by Scaleway’s abuse partners may be closed automatically after the automated locking of your service if several complaints are received within the same case or if Scaleway considers that the type of abuse reported requires the immediate locking of your service.
```
